# titanicMLPredictorandanalysis
In this research about the Titanic disaster case. I'm trying to explore this dataset by pouring in graphical analysis, and engineering to cultivate machine learning. I tried models such as Logistic Regression, K-Nearest Neighbors, Support Vector Classifier, Naive Bayes, Decision Tree, and Random Forests to formulate Machine learning modeling scores. I will use this suitable model to predict the main factors causing a large number of casualties in the Titanic disaster
The results of research conducted to predict heart disease and its causes. from the modeling carried out including Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machine, K-Nearest Neighbors, Decision Tree and Random Forest. The results of the modeling above show that Decision Tree and Random Forest have the most significant numbers of all the modeling algorithms carried out. Next, the authors carry out further evaluation using Random Forest for this study. because it is more suitable with the dataset in predicting and knowing the factor of Titanic Disaster from the existing data sample. By using the Permutation Importance and SHAP methods, it is known that from the entire sample it shows *Gender and Pclass (Social Economic Class)* which are factors that influence the high death toll in the Titanic disaster. there are likely other factors in the data set, which contributed to the high mortality. it can be from nature, community knowledge, technology, and social aspects. we don't fully know what actually happened, we can only predict through machine learning and the probability is not absolute. this incident only the passengers and god knows, what and the causes and effects that occurred in the titanic disaster
